docs: add the HTTP request documentation. Improve features' docs (#180)
vmware-labs/wasm-workers-server: docs/docs/features/http-requests.md

---
sidebar_position: 3
---

# HTTP Requests (fetch)

> Many times, workers require to access data from an external resource like a website or an API. This feature allows workers to perform HTTP requests to external resources from a worker. It follows the capability-based model, so workers cannot perform any HTTP request until you configure the allowed hosts and HTTP methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Often times, workers require to access data from an external resource like a website or an API. This feature allows workers to perform HTTP requests to external resources. It follows the capability-based model, so workers cannot perform any HTTP request until you configure the allowed hosts and HTTP methods.
```

In this configuration, you are allowing a worker to perform `GET` and `POST` HTTP requests to the [{JSON} Placeholder API](https://jsonplaceholder.typicode.com/):

```toml
name = "fetch"
version = "1"

[features]
[features.http_requests]
allowed_methods = ["GET", "POST"]
allowed_hosts = ["jsonplaceholder.typicode.com"]
```

Now, your worker can perform HTTP requests following those rules.

## Send HTTP requests in different languages

> Depending on the language, the different kits exposes this feature in a different way. The goal is to use a common API to perform HTTP requests in that language. For example, to perform HTTP requests in JavaScript you can use the [`fetch`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API) API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the language, the different kits expose this feature in a different way. The goal is to use a common API to perform HTTP requests in that language. For example, to perform HTTP requests in JavaScript you can use the [`fetch`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Fetch_API) API.
```
